STEPHEN PUJALS
155 Monte Verano Ct
San Jose, California
(408) 667-0516
stephen.pujals@yahoo.com


Excellent communication skills, positive 
attitude and detail-oriented.

EXPERIENCE/ACCOMPLISHMENTS

CAPITOL HONDA, San Jose, California
2005-Present

Sales Consultant


Responsible for meeting and consulting with the customer, the presentation, 
demonstration, and negotiation of the vehicle and product.

- Greeted customers on a daily basis and developed rapport.

- Consulted with customers about their vehicle needs and wants.

- Completed credit applications for inquiry and processing. 

- Demonstrated the vehicle and provided all pertinent information of the vehicle.

U.S. AIR FORCE, Fairfield, Caifornia
2002-2008

Medical Technician, David Grant Medical Center


Responsible for providing patient care, and delivering the highest level of
compassion and professional attention within the hospital ward.

-  Administered IVs and blood glucose testing.

-  Took basic vital signs and documented patient data for nurses and doctors.

-  Assisted in feeding, clothing, bathing, and personal hygiene of many patients.

-  Transferred patients to various clinics throughout the hospital.


MATTSON TECHNOLOGY, INCORPORATED, Fremont, California
2000 to 2001

Final Test Technician, Manufacturing Department


Responsible for final alignment/calibration of wafer fab 
machines at the last stage of assembly, ensuring full 
operational capability.

-  Provided customized training for personnel (field 
   engineers/assemblers) on the wafer FAB machines 
   (300mm).

-  Aligned various axis for ROBOT and servo motors.

-  Calibrated RF shields and generators for striking 
   plasma.

-  Installed and configured software to perform most 
   of the ROBOT and tool applications.


APPLE COMPUTER, Cupertino, California
1999 to 2000 

Computer Engineering Technician, Testing Laboratory


Responsible for extensive longevity testing of both quality 
and reliability of hardware and software prototypes.

-  Removed, replaced and configured Apple computers and 
   peripheral devices.

-  Conducted daily longevity testing of 40+ computers within a 
   variety of conditions.

-  Delivered spreadsheet analysis and documentation to engineers.

-  Performed modifications and rework of electronics PCBs.


ANRITSU, Morgan Hill, California
1998 to 1999 

Test Specialist, Manufacturing in Test Equipment Development Center


Responsible for building sensors for line testing of cell sites.

-  Responsible for testing power sensors using a signal 
   generator and spectrum analyzer.

-  Tested RF and microwave equipment using a DMM.

-  Assembled microwave components at microscopic 
   levels.

-  Performed calibration tests for frequency tolerance and limits.


WALTER GRINDERS, Fredericksburg, Virginia
1997 to 1998

Assembler and Technician


Responsible for wiring and installing electrical panels, 
soldering connectors, and wiring CNC terminals.  

-  Installed motors, CPUs and fiber optics.

-  Fabricated metal for pnuematic applications.

-  Configured Robot cutting tools for specific design applications.

-  Wired panels for multiple voltages, electrical distribution and function.


TANDY REPAIR CENTER, Lorton, Virginia
1996 to 1997 

Quality Control/Electronics Technician


Responsible for repairing electronic products 
using an oscilloscope and DMM, and performed quality control of many repaired items.  

-  Performed extensive testing of repaired and returned products. 

-  Provided technical support of audio/visual equipment, and computers.

-  Repaired consumer electronics receivers and VCRs.

-  Documented and inventoried all electronic goods within the facility.


U.S. AIR FORCE, Dover, Delaware
1990 to 1998 

Communications/Navigation Specialist  


Responsible for testing and troubleshooting avionics systems, 
and performing preventive maintenance of C-5 aircraft.  

-  Performed testing and calibration of avionics systems using watt meters.  

-  Responsible for repairing radio communications and navigation systems.

-  Performed operational checks of the avionics and instrumentation.

-  Completed maintenance of the aircraft's interior and exterior superstructure and wings.


MARY WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, Fredericksburg, Virginia
1989 to 1990 

Media Coordinator 


Responsible for videotaping medical lectures and seminars.  


-  Created multimedia and videotapes for hospital staff's continuing education.  

-  Maintained video library and allowed access to various media for training and study.

-  Printed slides from photo negatives and created slideshow presentations.

-  Presented the Hospital Satellite Network programs daily, and adjusted satellite dish periodically.


EDUCATION

B.S., Old Dominion University, Norfolk, Virginia, 1996

A.A.S., Germanna Community College, Locust Grove, Virginia, 1989
